[Doc Improvement][Add code block for node.js][3621999] (#10377)
MicrosoftDocs/msteams-docs: msteams-platform/messaging-extensions/how-to/action-commands/respond-to-task-module-submit.md

# [C#/.NET](#tab/dotnet-1)

```csharp

> channelData: {
>     onBehalfOf: [ {
>         itemId: 0,
>             mentionType: 'person',
>             mri: context.activity.from.id,
>             displayName: context.activity.from.name
>     } ]
> }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Attribute the message to the user on whose behalf the bot is posting
  responseActivity.ChannelData = new {
    OnBehalfOf = new []
    {
      new
      {
        ItemId = 0,
        MentionType = "person",
        Mri = turnContext.Activity.From.Id,
        DisplayName = turnContext.Activity.From.Name
      }  
    }
  };
```

```

# [JavaScript/Node.js](#tab/javascript-1)

```javascript

> channelData: {
>     onBehalfOf: [ {
>         itemId: 0,
>             mentionType: 'person',
>             mri: context.activity.from.id,
>             displayName: context.activity.from.name
>     } ]
> }
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    const responseActivity = { type: 'message', attachments: [adaptiveCard], channelData: {
        onBehalfOf: [ { 
            itemId: 0, 
            mentionType: 'person', 
            mri: context.activity.from.id, 
            displayname: context.activity.from.name 
            }
        ]
    }};
```
